https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/007-legends
007 Legends
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/adventure-time-explore-the-dungeon-because-i-don%27t-know
Adventure Time: Explore the Dungeon Because I Don't Know
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/adventure-time-finn-and-jake-investigations
Adventure Time: Finn and Jake Investigations
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/amazing-spiderman
Amazing Spiderman
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/amazing-spiderman-2
Amazing Spiderman 2
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/angry-birds-star-wars
Angry Birds Star Wars
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/angry-birds-trilogy
Angry Birds Trilogy
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/animal-crossing-amiibo-festival
Animal Crossing Amiibo Festival
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/animal-crossing-amiibo-festival-%5bamiibo-bundle%5d
Animal Crossing Amiibo Festival [amiibo Bundle]
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/assassin%27s-creed-iii
Assassin's Creed III
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/assassin%27s-creed-iv-black-flag
Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/barbie-and-her-sisters-puppy-rescue
Barbie and Her Sisters: Puppy Rescue
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/barbie-dreamhouse-party
Barbie: Dreamhouse Party
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/batman-arkham-city-armored-edition
Batman: Arkham City Armored Edition
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/batman-arkham-origins
Batman: Arkham Origins
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/bayonetta-2
Bayonetta 2
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/bayonetta-2-%28single-disc%29
Bayonetta 2 (Single Disc)
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/ben-10-omniverse
Ben 10: Omniverse
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/ben-10-omniverse-2
Ben 10: Omniverse 2
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/brunswick-pro-bowling
Brunswick Pro Bowling
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/cabela%27s-big-game-hunter-pro-hunts
Cabela's Big Game Hunter: Pro Hunts
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/cabela%27s-dangerous-hunts-2013
Cabela's Dangerous Hunts 2013
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/call-of-duty-black-ops-ii
Call of Duty Black Ops II
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/call-of-duty-ghosts
Call of Duty Ghosts
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/captain-toad-treasure-tracker
Captain Toad: Treasure Tracker
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/captain-toad-treasure-tracker-%5bamiibo-bundle%5d
Captain Toad: Treasure Tracker [amiibo Bundle]
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/cars-3-driven-to-win
Cars 3 Driven to Win
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/darksiders-ii
Darksiders II
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/darksiders-warmastered-edition
Darksiders Warmastered Edition
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/deus-ex-human-revolution-director%27s-cut
Deus Ex: Human Revolution Director's Cut
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/devil%27s-third
Devil's Third
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/disney-infinity-30-starter-pack
Disney Infinity 3.0 Starter Pack
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/disney-infinity-starter-pack
Disney Infinity Starter Pack
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/disney-infinity-marvel-super-heroes-starter-pak-20
Disney Infinity: Marvel Super Heroes Starter Pak 2.0
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/disney-infinity-toy-box-starter-pack-20
Disney Infinity: Toy Box Starter Pack 2.0
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/disney%27s-planes
Disney's Planes
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/donkey-kong-country-tropical-freeze
Donkey Kong Country: Tropical Freeze
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/donkey-kong-country-tropical-freeze-nintendo-selects
Donkey Kong Country: Tropical Freeze: Nintendo Selects
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/ducktales-remastered
DuckTales Remastered
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/espn-sports-connection
ESPN Sports Connection
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/epic-mickey-2-the-power-of-two
Epic Mickey 2: The Power of Two
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/fifa-soccer-13
FIFA Soccer 13
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/family-party-30-great-games-obstacle-arcade
Family Party: 30 Great Games Obstacle Arcade
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/fast-and-the-furious-showdown
Fast and the Furious: Showdown
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/funky-barn
Funky Barn
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/game-&-wario
Game & Wario
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/game-party-champions
Game Party Champions
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/gamecube-controller-adapter
Gamecube Controller Adapter
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/giana-sisters-twisted-dreams-director%27s-cut
Giana Sisters Twisted Dreams Director's Cut
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/guitar-hero-live-2-pack-bundle
Guitar Hero Live 2 Pack Bundle
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/guitar-hero-live-bundle
Guitar Hero Live Bundle
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/hello-kitty-kruisers
Hello Kitty Kruisers
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/hot-wheels-world's-best-driver
Hot Wheels: World's Best Driver
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/how-to-train-your-dragon-2
How to Train Your Dragon 2
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/hyrule-warriors
Hyrule Warriors
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/hyrule-warriors-limited-edition
Hyrule Warriors: Limited Edition
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/injustice-gods-among-us
Injustice: Gods Among Us
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/jeopardy
Jeopardy!   
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/just-dance-2014
Just Dance 2014
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/just-dance-2014-wii-remote-bundle
Just Dance 2014 Wii Remote Bundle
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/just-dance-2015
Just Dance 2015
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/just-dance-2016
Just Dance 2016
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/just-dance-2016-gold-edition
Just Dance 2016: Gold Edition
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/just-dance-2017
Just Dance 2017
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/just-dance-2017-gold-edition
Just Dance 2017 Gold Edition
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/just-dance-2018
Just Dance 2018
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/just-dance-2019
Just Dance 2019
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/just-dance-4
Just Dance 4
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/just-dance-kids-2014
Just Dance Kids 2014
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/just-dance-disney-party-2
Just Dance: Disney Party 2
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/kirby-and-the-rainbow-curse
Kirby and the Rainbow Curse
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/kung-fu-panda-showdown-of-the-legendary-legends
Kung Fu Panda Showdown of the Legendary Legends
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/lego-batman-2
LEGO Batman 2
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/lego-batman-3-beyond-gotham
LEGO Batman 3: Beyond Gotham
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/lego-city-undercover
LEGO City Undercover
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/lego-dimensions-starter-pack
LEGO Dimensions Starter Pack
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/lego-jurassic-world
LEGO Jurassic World
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/lego-marvel-super-heroes
LEGO Marvel Super Heroes
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/lego-marvel's-avengers
LEGO Marvel's Avengers
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/lego-movie-videogame
LEGO Movie Videogame
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/lego-star-wars-the-force-awakens
LEGO Star Wars The Force Awakens
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/lego-the-hobbit
LEGO The Hobbit
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/legend-of-kay-anniversary
Legend of Kay Anniversary
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/madden-nfl-13
Madden NFL 13
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/mario-&-sonic-at-the-rio-2016-olympic-games
Mario & Sonic at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/mario-&-sonic-at-the-sochi-2014-olympic-games
Mario & Sonic at the Sochi 2014 Olympic Games
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/mario-&-sonic-at-the-sochi-2014-olympic-games-%5bcontroller-bundle%5d
Mario & Sonic at the Sochi 2014 Olympic Games [Controller Bundle]\pardltrpar
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/mario-kart-8
Mario Kart 8
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/mario-kart-8-limited-edition
Mario Kart 8 Limited Edition
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/mario-party-10
Mario Party 10
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/mario-party-10-bowser-%5bamiibo-bundle%5d
Mario Party 10 Bowser [amiibo Bundle]
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/mario-party-10-mario-%5bamiibo-bundle%5d
Mario Party 10 Mario [amiibo Bundle]
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/mario-party-10-peach-%5bamiibo-bundle%5d
Mario Party 10 Peach [amiibo Bundle]
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/mario-tennis-ultra-smash
Mario Tennis Ultra Smash
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/marvel-avengers-battle-for-earth
Marvel Avengers: Battle For Earth
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/mass-effect-3
Mass Effect 3
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/mighty-no-9
Mighty No. 9
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/minecraft
Minecraft
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/minecraft-story-mode-complete-adventure
Minecraft: Story Mode Complete Adventure
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/monster-high-13-wishes
Monster High: 13 Wishes
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/monster-high-new-ghoul-in-school
Monster High: New Ghoul in School
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/monster-hunter-3-ultimate
Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/nba-2k13
NBA 2K13   
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/nes-remix-pack
NES Remix Pack
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/nes-remix-pack-nintendo-selects
NES Remix Pack: Nintendo Selects
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/need-for-speed-most-wanted
Need for Speed Most Wanted
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/new-super-luigi-u
New Super Luigi U
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/new-super-mario-bros-u
New Super Mario Bros. U
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/new-super-mario-bros-u-+-new-super-luigi-u
New Super Mario Bros. U + New Super Luigi U
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/ninja-gaiden-3-razor's-edge
Ninja Gaiden 3: Razor's Edge
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/nintendo-fit-meter
Nintendo Fit Meter
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/nintendo-land
Nintendo Land
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/nintendo-land-with-luigi-wii-remote
Nintendo Land with Luigi Wii Remote
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/pac-man-and-the-ghostly-adventures
Pac-Man and the Ghostly Adventures
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/pac-man-and-the-ghostly-adventures-2
Pac-Man and the Ghostly Adventures 2
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/paper-mario-color-splash
Paper Mario Color Splash
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/penguins-of-madagascar
Penguins of Madagascar
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/phineas-&-ferb-quest-for-cool-stuff
Phineas & Ferb: Quest for Cool Stuff
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/pikmin-3
Pikmin 3   
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/pikmin-3-nintendo-selects
Pikmin 3: Nintendo Selects
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/planes-fire-&-rescue
Planes: Fire & Rescue
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/pokken-tournament
Pokken Tournament
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/rabbids-land
Rabbids Land
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/rapala-pro-bass-fishing
Rapala Pro Bass Fishing
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/rayman-legends
Rayman Legends
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/resident-evil-revelations
Resident Evil Revelations
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/rise-of-the-guardians
Rise Of The Guardians
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/rodea-the-sky-soldier
Rodea the Sky Soldier
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/rodea-the-sky-soldier-limited-edition
Rodea the Sky Soldier Limited Edition
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/runbow-deluxe-edition
Runbow Deluxe Edition
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/sing-party
SING Party
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/scribblenauts-unlimited
Scribblenauts Unlimited
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/scribblenauts-unmasked-a-dc-comics-adventure
Scribblenauts Unmasked: A DC Comics Adventure
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/scribblenauts-unmasked-a-dc-comics-adventure-%5bdvd-bundle%5d
Scribblenauts Unmasked: A DC Comics Adventure [DVD Bundle]
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/shantae-half-genie-hero
Shantae Half-Genie Hero
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/shovel-knight
Shovel Knight
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/skylander's-giants-starter-pack
Skylander's Giants Starter Pack
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/skylanders-imaginators-starter-pack-
Skylanders Imaginators: Starter Pack
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/skylanders-superchargers-starter-pack
Skylanders SuperChargers Starter Pack
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/skylanders-superchargers-dark-edition-starter-pack
Skylanders SuperChargers: Dark Edition Starter Pack
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/skylanders-swap-force-starter-pack
Skylanders Swap Force: Starter Pack
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/skylanders-trap-team-dark-edition-starter-pack
Skylanders Trap Team Dark Edition: Starter Pack
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/skylanders-trap-team-starter-pack
Skylanders Trap Team: Starter Pack
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/sniper-elite-v2
Sniper Elite V2
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/snoopy's-grand-adventure
Snoopy's Grand Adventure
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/sonic-&-all-stars-racing-transformed
Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/sonic-boom-rise-of-lyric
Sonic Boom: Rise of Lyric
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/sonic-lost-world
Sonic Lost World
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/splatoon
Splatoon   
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/splinter-cell-blacklist
Splinter Cell: Blacklist
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/splinter-cell-blacklist-upper-echelon-edition
Splinter Cell: Blacklist Upper Echelon Edition
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/spongebob-squarepants-plankton's-robotic-revenge
SpongeBob SquarePants: Plankton's Robotic Revenge
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/star-fox-guard
Star Fox Guard
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/star-fox-zero
Star Fox Zero
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/star-fox-zero-&-star-fox-guard-bundle
Star Fox Zero & Star Fox Guard Bundle
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/steamworld-collection
SteamWorld Collection
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/super-mario-3d-world
Super Mario 3D World
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/super-mario-3d-world-nintendo-selects
Super Mario 3D World: Nintendo Selects
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/super-mario-maker
Super Mario Maker
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/super-smash-bros-for-wii-u
Super Smash Bros. for Wii U
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/super-smash-bros-for-wii-u-%5bcontroller-bundle%5d
Super Smash Bros. for Wii U [Controller Bundle]
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/tank-tank-tank
Tank! Tank! Tank!
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/tekken-tag-tournament-2
Tekken Tag Tournament 2
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/terraria
Terraria   
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/the-book-of-unwritten-tales-2
The Book of Unwritten Tales 2
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/the-croods-prehistoric-party
The Croods: Prehistoric Party
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/the-smurfs-2
The Smurfs 2
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/the-voice-with-microphone
The Voice with Microphone
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/tokyo-mirage-sessions-fe
Tokyo Mirage Sessions #FE
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/tokyo-mirage-sessions-fe-special-edition
Tokyo Mirage Sessions #FE: Special Edition
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/transformers-prime
Transformers: Prime
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/transformers-rise-of-the-dark-spark
Transformers: Rise of the Dark Spark
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/tumblestone
Tumblestone
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/turbo-super-stunt-squad
Turbo: Super Stunt Squad
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/walking-dead-survival-instinct
Walking Dead: Survival Instinct
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/warriors-orochi-3-hyper
Warriors Orochi 3 Hyper
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/watch-dogs
Watch Dogs
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/wheel-of-fortune
Wheel of Fortune
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/wii-fit-u-(game-only)
Wii Fit U (game only)
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/wii-fit-u-with-balance-board-and-fit-meter
Wii Fit U with Balance Board and Fit Meter
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/wii-fit-u-with-fit-meter
Wii Fit U with Fit Meter
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/wii-party-u
Wii Party U
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/wii-sports-club
Wii Sports Club
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/wii-u-console-basic-white-8gb
Wii U Console Basic White 8GB
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/wii-u-console-deluxe-black-32gb
Wii U Console Deluxe Black 32GB
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/wii-u-console-deluxe-mario-&-luigi-edition
Wii U Console Deluxe: Mario & Luigi Edition
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/wii-u-console-deluxe-mario-kart-8-edition
Wii U Console Deluxe: Mario Kart 8 Edition
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/wii-u-console-deluxe-smash-splat-edition
Wii U Console Deluxe: Smash Splat Edition
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/wii-u-console-deluxe-super-mario-world-edition
Wii U Console Deluxe: Super Mario World Edition
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/wii-u-console-deluxe-zelda-wind-waker-edition
Wii U Console Deluxe: Zelda Wind Waker Edition
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/wii-u-console-deluxe-zombiu-edition
Wii U Console Deluxe: ZombiU Edition
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/wii-u-party-%5bcontroller-bundle%5d
Wii U Party [Controller Bundle]
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/wii-u-pro-controller-black
Wii U Pro Controller Black
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/wii-u-pro-controller-white
Wii U Pro Controller White
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/wipeout-3
Wipeout 3
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/wipeout-create-&-crash
Wipeout: Create & Crash
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/wonderful-101
Wonderful 101
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/xenoblade-chronicles-x
Xenoblade Chronicles X
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/xenoblade-chronicles-x-special-edition
Xenoblade Chronicles X Special Edition
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/yoshi's-woolly-world
Yoshi's Woolly World
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/yoshi's-woolly-world-%5bamiibo-bundle%5d
Yoshi's Woolly World [amiibo Bundle]
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/your-shape-fitness-evolved-2013
Your Shape Fitness Evolved 2013
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/zelda-breath-of-the-wild
Zelda Breath of the Wild
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/zelda-twilight-princess-hd
Zelda Twilight Princess HD
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/zelda-twilight-princess-hd-%5bamiibo-bundle%5d
Zelda Twilight Princess HD [amiibo Bundle]
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/zelda-wind-waker-hd
Zelda Wind Waker HD
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/zelda-wind-waker-hd-limited-edition
Zelda Wind Waker HD Limited Edition
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/zombiu"
ZombiU 
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/wii-u/zumba-fitness-world-party
Zumba Fitness World Party
