https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/50-classic-games 
50 Classic Games    
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/7th-dragon-iii-code-vfd 
7th Dragon III Code VFD    
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/7th-dragon-iii-code-vfd-launch-edition 
7th Dragon III Code VFD Launch Edition    
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/ace-combat-assault-horizon 
Ace Combat Assault Horizon      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/ace-combat-assault-horizon-legacy+ 
Ace Combat: Assault Horizon Legacy+      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/adventure-time-explore-the-dungeon-because-i-don%27t-know 
Adventure Time: Explore the Dungeon Because I Don't Know      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/adventure-time-explore-the-dungeon-because-i-don%27t-know-collector%27s-edition 
Adventure Time: Explore the Dungeon Because I Don't Know Collector's Edition       
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/adventure-time-finn-and-jake-investigations 
Adventure Time: Finn and Jake Investigations      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/adventure-time-hey-ice-king 
Adventure Time: Hey Ice King      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/adventure-time-hey-ice-king-collector%27s-edition 
Adventure Time: Hey Ice King Collector's Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/adventure-time-the-secret-of-the-nameless-kingdom 
Adventure Time: The Secret of the Nameless Kingdom      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/adventures-of-tintin-the-game 
Adventures of Tintin: The Game      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/alien-chaos 
Alien Chaos    
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/alliance-alive 
Alliance Alive      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/amazing-spiderman 
Amazing Spiderman      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/amazing-spiderman-2 
Amazing Spiderman 2      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/american-mensa-academy 
American Mensa Academy      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/angry-birds-star-wars 
Angry Birds Star Wars      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/angry-birds-trilogy 
Angry Birds Trilogy      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/animal-crossing-happy-home-designer 
Animal Crossing Happy Home Designer      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/animal-crossing-new-leaf 
Animal Crossing: New Leaf      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/are-you-smarter-than-a-5th-grader 
Are You Smarter Than A 5th Grader?      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/art-academy-lessons-for-everyone 
Art Academy: Lessons for Everyone      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/asphalt-3d 
Asphalt: 3D        
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/asphalt-3d-%5bnot-for-resale%5d 
Asphalt: 3D [Not for Resale]   
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/azure-striker-gunvolt-striker-pack 
Azure Striker Gunvolt Striker Pack      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/barbie-and-her-sisters-puppy-rescue 
Barbie and Her Sisters: Puppy Rescue      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/barbie-dreamhouse-party 
Barbie: Dreamhouse Party      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/batman-arkham-origins-blackgate 
Batman: Arkham Origins Blackgate      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/battleship 
Battleship        
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/ben-10-galactic-racing 
Ben 10: Galactic Racing      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/ben-10-omniverse 
Ben 10: Omniverse      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/ben-10-omniverse-2 
Ben 10: Omniverse 2      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/beyblade-evolution 
Beyblade: Evolution      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/beyblade-evolution-collector%27s-edition 
Beyblade: Evolution Collector's Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/big-hero-6-battle-in-the-bay 
Big Hero 6: Battle in the Bay      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/bittrip-saga 
Bit.Trip Saga        
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/blazblue-continuum-shift-ii 
BlazBlue: Continuum Shift II      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/boulder-dash-xl-3d 
Boulder Dash-XL 3D      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/brain-age-concentration-training 
Brain Age: Concentration Training      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/bratz-fashion-boutique 
Bratz Fashion Boutique      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/bravely-default 
Bravely Default      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/bravely-default-collector%27s-edition 
Bravely Default: Collector's Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/bravely-second-end-layer 
Bravely Second: End Layer      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/bravely-second-end-layer-collector%27s-edition 
Bravely Second: End Layer Collector's Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/brunswick-pro-bowling 
Brunswick Pro Bowling      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/bust-a-move-universe 
Bust-a-Move Universe      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/captain-america-super-soldier 
Captain America: Super Soldier      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/captain-toad-treasure-tracker 
Captain Toad: Treasure Tracker      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/carnival-games-wild-west-3d 
Carnival Games Wild West 3D      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/cars-2 
Cars 2         
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/cartoon-network-battle-crashers 
Cartoon Network Battle Crashers      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/cartoon-network-punch-time-explosion 
Cartoon Network: Punch Time Explosion      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/castlevania-mirror-of-fate 
Castlevania: Mirror Of Fate      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/cave-story-3d 
Cave Story 3D      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/centipede-infestation 
Centipede: Infestation      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/chibi-robo-zip-lash 
Chibi-Robo Zip Lash      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/chibi-robo-zip-lash-%5bamiibo-bundle%5d 
Chibi-Robo Zip Lash [amiibo Bundle]      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/circle-pad-pro 
Circle Pad Pro      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/classic-games-overload 
Classic Games Overload      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/cloudy-chance-meatballs-2 
Cloudy Chance Meatballs 2      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/code-name-steam 
Code Name: S.T.E.A.M.      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/code-of-princess 
Code of Princess      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/code-of-princess-%5bsoundtrack-bundle%5d 
Code of Princess [Soundtrack Bundle]      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/combat-of-giants-dinosaurs-3d 
Combat of Giants: Dinosaurs 3D      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/conception-ii-children-of-the-seven-stars 
Conception II: Children of the Seven Stars      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/conception-ii-children-of-the-seven-stars-limited-edition 
Conception II: Children of the Seven Stars Limited Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/cooking-mama-4-kitchen-magic 
Cooking Mama 4: Kitchen Magic      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/cooking-mama-5-bon-appetit 
Cooking Mama 5: Bon Appetit      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/cooking-mama-sweet-shop 
Cooking Mama Sweet Shop      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/corpse-party-back-to-school-edition 
Corpse Party: Back to School Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/cradle-of-rome-2 
Cradle of Rome 2      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/crash-city-mayhem 
Crash City Mayhem      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/crosswords-plus 
Crosswords Plus      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/crush-3d 
Crush 3D        
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/cubic-ninja 
Cubic Ninja      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/culdcept-revolt 
Culdcept Revolt      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/culdcept-revolt-limited-edition 
Culdcept Revolt Limited Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/cut-the-rope-triple-treat 
Cut the Rope: Triple Treat      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/dead-or-alive-dimensions 
Dead or Alive Dimensions      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/dead-or-alive-dimensions-%5bnot-for-resale%5d 
Dead or Alive Dimensions [Not for Resale]   
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/deca-sports-extreme 
Deca Sports Extreme      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/deer-drive-legends 
Deer Drive Legends      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/detective-pikachu 
Detective Pikachu      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/disney-art-academy 
Disney Art Academy      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/disney-infinity-starter-pack 
Disney Infinity Starter Pack      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/disney-magical-world 
Disney Magical World      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/disney-magical-world-2 
Disney Magical World 2      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/disney-princess-my-fairytale-adventure 
Disney Princess: My Fairytale Adventure      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/disney's-planes 
Disney's Planes      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/doctor-lautrec-and-the-forgotten-knights 
Doctor Lautrec and the Forgotten Knights      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/donkey-kong-country-returns-3d 
Donkey Kong Country Returns 3D      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/donkey-kong-country-returns-3d-nintendo-selects 
Donkey Kong Country Returns 3D: Nintendo Selects      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/doodle-jump-adventures 
Doodle Jump Adventures      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/dragon-ball-fusions 
Dragon Ball Fusions      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/dragon-ball-z-extreme-butoden 
Dragon Ball Z: Extreme Butoden      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/dragon-quest-vii-fragments-of-the-forgotten-past 
Dragon Quest VII: Fragments of the Forgotten Past      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/dragon-quest-viii-journey-of-the-cursed-king 
Dragon Quest VIII: Journey of the Cursed King      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/dream-trigger-3d 
Dream Trigger 3D      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/dreamworks-super-star-kartz 
Dreamworks Super Star Kartz      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/driver-renegade 
Driver: Renegade      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/dualpensports 
DualPenSports      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/duck-dynasty 
Duck Dynasty      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/epic-mickey-power-of-illusion 
Epic Mickey: Power of Illusion      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/etrian-mystery-dungeon 
Etrian Mystery Dungeon      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/etrian-mystery-dungeon-%5bsoundtrack-bundle%5d 
Etrian Mystery Dungeon [Soundtrack Bundle]      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/etrian-odyssey-2-untold-the-fafnir-knight 
Etrian Odyssey 2 Untold: The Fafnir Knight      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/etrian-odyssey-2-untold-the-fafnir-knight-limited-edition 
Etrian Odyssey 2 Untold: The Fafnir Knight Limited Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/ game/nintendo-3ds/etrian-odyssey-iv-legends-of-the-titan 
Etrian Odyssey IV: Legends Of The Titan      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/etrian-odyssey-iv-legends-of-the-titan-limited-edition 
Etrian Odyssey IV: Legends Of The Titan Limited Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/etrian-odyssey-untold-the-millennium-girl 
Etrian Odyssey Untold: The Millennium Girl      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/etrian-odyssey-untold-the-millennium-girl-%5bsoundtrack-bundle%5d 
Etrian Odyssey Untold: The Millennium Girl [Soundtrack Bundle]       
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/etrian-odyssey-v-beyond-the-myth 
Etrian Odyssey V: Beyond The Myth      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/ever-oasis 
Ever Oasis      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/f1-2011 
F1 2011      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/fifa-15-legacy-edition 
FIFA 15: Legacy Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/fifa-soccer-12 
FIFA Soccer 12      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/fifa-soccer-13 
FIFA Soccer 13      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/face-racers-photo-finish 
Face Racers: Photo Finish      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/fantasy-life 
Fantasy Life      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/farming-simulator-14 
Farming Simulator 14      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/farming-simulator-18 
Farming Simulator 18      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/fast-and-the-furious-showdown 
Fast and the Furious: Showdown      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/final-fantasy-explorers 
Final Fantasy Explorers      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/final-fantasy-explorers-collector's-edition 
Final Fantasy Explorers Collector's Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/finding-nemo-escape-to-the-big-blue 
Finding Nemo: Escape To The Big Blue      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/fire-emblem-echoes-shadows-of-valentia 
Fire Emblem Echoes: Shadows of Valentia      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/fire-emblem-echoes-shadows-of-valentia-limited-edition 
Fire Emblem Echoes: Shadows of Valentia Limited Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/fire-emblem-fates-birthright 
Fire Emblem Fates Birthright      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/fire-emblem-fates-conquest 
Fire Emblem Fates Conquest      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/fire-emblem-fates-special-edition 
Fire Emblem Fates Special Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/fire-emblem-warriors 
Fire Emblem Warriors      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/fire-emblem-awakening 
Fire Emblem: Awakening      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/fossil-fighters-frontier 
Fossil Fighters: Frontier      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/freakyforms-deluxe-your-creations-alive 
Freakyforms Deluxe Your Creations Alive      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/frogger-3d 
Frogger 3D     
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/frozen-&-big-hero-6-disney-2-pack 
Frozen & Big Hero 6 Disney 2 Pack      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/frozen-olaf's-quest 
Frozen: Olaf's Quest      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/funky-barn-3d 
Funky Barn 3D      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/gabrielle's-ghostly-groove-3d 
Gabrielle's Ghostly Groove 3D      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/gardening-mama-2-forest-friends 
Gardening Mama 2: Forest Friends      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/garfield-kart 
Garfield Kart      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/gem-smashers 
Gem Smashers      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/generator-rex-agent-of-providence 
Generator Rex: Agent of Providence      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/ghost-recon-shadow-wars 
Ghost Recon: Shadow Wars      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/goosebumps-the-game 
Goosebumps The Game      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/gravity-falls 
Gravity Falls      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/green-lantern-rise-of-the-manhunters 
Green Lantern: Rise of the Manhunters      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/hakuoki-memories-of-the-shinsengumi 
Hakuoki: Memories of the Shinsengumi      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/hakuoki-memories-of-the-shinsengumi-limited-edition 
Hakuoki: Memories of the Shinsengumi Limited Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintend o-3ds/happy-feet-two 
Happy Feet Two        
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/harvest-moon-3d-the-lost-valley 
Harvest Moon 3D: The Lost Valley      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/harvest-moon-a-new-beginning 
Harvest Moon: A New Beginning      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/harvest-moon-skytree-village 
Harvest Moon: Skytree Village      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/harvest-moon-skytree-village-limited-edition 
Harvest Moon: Skytree Village Limited Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/harvest-moon-tale-of-two-towns 
Harvest Moon: Tale Of Two Towns      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/hatsune-miku-project-mirai-dx 
Hatsune Miku: Project Mirai DX      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/heavy-fire-the-chosen-few 
Heavy Fire: The Chosen Few      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/hello-kitty-picnic 
Hello Kitty Picnic      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/hello-kitty-and-sanrio-friends-3d-racing 
Hello Kitty and Sanrio Friends 3D Racing      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/heroes-of-ruin 
Heroes of Ruin      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/hey-pikmin 
Hey Pikmin      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/hometown-story 
Hometown Story      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/horses-3d 
Horses 3D      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/hot-wheels-world's-best-driver 
Hot Wheels: World's Best Driver      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/hotel-transylvania 
Hotel Transylvania      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/how-to-train-your-dragon-2 
How to Train Your Dragon 2      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/hyrule-warriors-legends 
Hyrule Warriors Legends      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/hyrule-warriors-legends-%5bnot-for-resale%5d 
Hyrule Warriors Legends [Not for Resale]   
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/ice-age-continental-drift-arctic-games 
Ice Age: Continental Drift Arctic Games      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/imagine-babyz-3d 
Imagine Babyz 3D      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/imagine-fashion-designer 
Imagine Fashion Designer      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/imagine-fashion-life 
Imagine Fashion Life      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/jake-hunter-ghost-of-the-dusk 
Jake Hunter: Ghost of the Dusk      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/james-noir's-hollywood-crimes 
James Noir's Hollywood Crimes      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/jaws-ultimate-predator 
Jaws: Ultimate Predator      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/jr-classic-games 
Jr Classic Games      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/kid-icarus-uprising 
Kid Icarus Uprising      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/kingdom-hearts-3d-dream-drop-distance 
Kingdom Hearts 3D Dream Drop Distance      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/kingdom-hearts-3d-dream-drop-distance-limited-edition 
Kingdom Hearts 3D Dream Drop Distance Limited Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/kirby-battle-royale 
Kirby Battle Royale      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/kirby-planet-robobot 
Kirby Planet Robobot      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/kirby-planet-robobot-%5bnot-for-resale%5d 
Kirby Planet Robobot [Not for Resale]   
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/kirby-triple-deluxe 
Kirby Triple Deluxe      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/kirby-triple-deluxe-%5bnot-for-resale%5d 
Kirby Triple Deluxe [Not for Resale]   
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/kung-fu-panda-showdown-of-the-legendary-legends 
Kung Fu Panda Showdown of the Legendary Legends      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/lbx-little-battlers-experience 
LBX: Little Battlers Experience      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/lego-batman-2 
LEGO Batman 2      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/lego-batman-3-beyond-gotham 
LEGO Batman 3: Beyond Gotham      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/lego-city-undercover-the-chase-begins 
LEGO City Undercover: The Chase Begins      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/lego-friends 
LEGO Friends      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/lego-harry-potter-years-5-7 
LEGO Harry Potter Years 5-7      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/lego-jurassic-world 
LEGO Jurassic World      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/lego-legends-of-chima-laval's-journey 
LEGO Legends of Chima: Laval's Journey      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/lego-lord-of-the-rings 
LEGO Lord Of The Rings      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/lego-marvel-super-heroes-universe-in-peril 
LEGO Marvel Super Heroes: Universe in Peril      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/lego-marvel's-avengers 
LEGO Marvel's Avengers      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/lego-movie-videogame 
LEGO Movie Videogame      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/lego-ninjago-nindroids 
LEGO Ninjago: Nindroids      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/lego-ninjago-shadow-of-ronin 
LEGO Ninjago: Shadow of Ronin      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/lego-pirates-of-the-caribbean-the-video-game 
LEGO Pirates of the Caribbean: The Video Game      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/lego-star-wars-iii-the-clone-wars 
LEGO Star Wars III: The Clone Wars      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/lego-star-wars-iii-the-clone-wars-%5bnot-for-resale%5d 
LEGO Star Wars III: The Clone Wars [Not for Resale]      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/lego-star-wars-the-force-awakens 
LEGO Star Wars The Force Awakens      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/lego-the-hobbit 
LEGO The Hobbit      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/lalaloopsy-carnival-of-friends 
Lalaloopsy: Carnival of Friends      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/langrisser-reincarnation-tensei 
Langrisser Re:Incarnation Tensei      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/layton's-mystery-journey-katrielle-and-the-millionaires'-conspiracy- 
Layton's Mystery Journey: Katrielle and the Millionaires' Conspiracy       
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/legend-of-korra-a-new-era-begins 
Legend of Korra: A New Era Begins      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/legend-of-legacy 
Legend of Legacy      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/legend-of-legacy-launch-edition 
Legend of Legacy Launch Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/legends-of-oz-dorothy's-return- 
Legends of Oz Dorothy's Return      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/let's-ride-best-of-breed 
Let's Ride: Best of Breed      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/lord-of-magna-maiden-heaven 
Lord of Magna: Maiden Heaven      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/lord-of-magna-maiden-heaven-limited-edition 
Lord of Magna: Maiden Heaven Limited Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/louvre-guide 
Louvre Guide     
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/luigi's-mansion 
Luigi's Mansion      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/luigi's-mansion-dark-moon 
Luigi's Mansion: Dark Moon      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/madagascar-3 
Madagascar 3     
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/madden-nfl-football 
Madden NFL Football      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/mahjong-3d-warriors-of-the-emperor 
Mahjong 3D: Warriors of the Emperor      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/mahjong-cub3d 
Mahjong Cub3d      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/mario-&-luigi-paper-jam 
Mario & Luigi: Paper Jam      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/mario-&-luigi-superstar-saga-+-bowser's-minions 
Mario & Luigi: Superstar Saga + Bowser's Minions      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/mario-&-sonic-at-the-london-2012-olympic-games 
Mario & Sonic at the London 2012 Olympic Games      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/mario-&-sonic-at-the-rio-2016-olympic-games 
Mario & Sonic at the Rio 2016 Olympic Games      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/mario-golf-world-tour 
Mario Golf: World Tour      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/mario-kart-7 
Mario Kart 7     
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/mario-kart-7-%5bnot-for-resale%5d 
Mario Kart 7 [Not for Resale]   
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/mario-party-island-tour-nintendo-selects 
Mario Party Island Tour: Nintendo Selects      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/mario-party-star-rush 
Mario Party Star Rush      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/mario-party-island-tour 
Mario Party: Island Tour      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/mario-party-the-top-100 
Mario Party: The Top 100      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/mario-sports-superstars 
Mario Sports Superstars      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/mario-tennis-open 
Mario Tennis Open      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/mario-tennis-open-%5bnot-for-resale%5d 
Mario Tennis Open [Not for Resale]   
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/mario-and-luigi-dream-team 
Mario and Luigi: Dream Team      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/mario-and-luigi-dream-team-%5bnot-for-resale%5d 
Mario and Luigi: Dream Team [Not for Resale]   
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/marvel-super-hero-squad-the-infinity-gauntlet 
Marvel Super Hero Squad: The Infinity Gauntlet      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/mega-man-legacy-collection 
Mega Man Legacy Collection      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/mega-man-legacy-collection-collector's-edition 
Mega Man Legacy Collection Collector's Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/metal-gear-solid-3d 
Metal Gear Solid 3D      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/metroid-prime-federation-force 
Metroid Prime Federation Force      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/metroid-samus-returns 
Metroid Samus Returns      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/metroid-samus-returns-special-edition 
Metroid Samus Returns Special Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/michael-jackson-the-experience 
Michael Jackson: The Experience      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/miitopia 
Miitopia      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/minecraft-new-nintendo-3ds-edition 
Minecraft New Nintendo 3DS Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/moco-moco-friends 
Moco Moco Friends      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/monster-4x4 
Monster 4x4      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/monster-high-13-wishes 
Monster High: 13 Wishes      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/monster-high-new-ghoul-in-school 
Monster High: New Ghoul in School      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/monster-high-skrm 
Monster High: SKRM      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/monster-hunter-3-ultimate 
Monster Hunter 3 Ultimate      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/monster-hunter-4-ultimate 
Monster Hunter 4 Ultimate      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/monster-hunter-4-ultimate-collector's-edition 
Monster Hunter 4 Ultimate Collector's Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/monster-hunter-generations 
Monster Hunter Generations      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/monster-hunter-stories 
Monster Hunter Stories      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/moshi-monsters-katsuma-unleashed 
Moshi Monsters: Katsuma Unleashed      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/moshi-monsters-moshlings-theme-park 
Moshi Monsters: Moshlings Theme Park      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/my-pet-puppy-3d 
My Pet Puppy 3D      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/myst-3ds 
Myst 3DS      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/nascar-unleashed 
NASCAR Unleashed      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/ncis 
NCIS       
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/nano-assault 
Nano Assault     
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/naruto-powerful-shippuden 
Naruto Powerful Shippuden      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/need-for-speed-the-run 
Need For Speed: The Run      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/new-nintendo-2ds-xl-black-&-blue 
New Nintendo 2DS XL Black & Blue      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/new-nintendo-2ds-xl-hylian-shield 
New Nintendo 2DS XL Hylian Shield      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/new-nintendo-2ds-xl-pikachu 
New Nintendo 2DS XL Pikachu      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/new-nintendo-2ds-xl-pokeball 
New Nintendo 2DS XL Pokeball      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/new-nintendo-2ds-xl-white-&-orange 
New Nintendo 2DS XL White & Orange      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/new-nintendo-3ds-super-mario-3d-edition 
New Nintendo 3DS Super Mario 3D Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/new-nintendo-3ds-super-mario-black-edition 
New Nintendo 3DS Super Mario Black Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/new-nintendo-3ds-super-mario-white-edition 
New Nintendo 3DS Super Mario White Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/new-nintendo-3ds-xl-black 
New Nintendo 3DS XL Black      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/new-nintendo-3ds-xl-fire-emblem-fates-edition 
New Nintendo 3DS XL Fire Emblem Fates Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/new-nintendo-3ds-xl-galaxy 
New Nintendo 3DS XL Galaxy      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/new-nintendo-3ds-xl-hyrule-edition 
New Nintendo 3DS XL Hyrule Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/new-nintendo-3ds-xl-lime-green 
New Nintendo 3DS XL Lime Green      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/new-nintendo-3ds-xl-monster-hunter-4-edition 
New Nintendo 3DS XL Monster Hunter 4 Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/new-nintendo-3ds-xl-monster-hunter-generations-edition 
New Nintendo 3DS XL Monster Hunter Generations Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/new-nintendo-3ds-xl-pikachu-edition 
New Nintendo 3DS XL Pikachu Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/new-nintendo-3ds-xl-red 
New Nintendo 3DS XL Red      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/new-nintendo-3ds-xl-samus-edition 
New Nintendo 3DS XL Samus Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/new-nintendo-3ds-xl-solgaleo-lunala-black-edition 
New Nintendo 3DS XL Solgaleo Lunala Black Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/new-nintendo-3ds-xl-super-nes 
New Nintendo 3DS XL Super NES      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/new-super-mario-bros-2 
New Super Mario Bros. 2      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/nicktoons-mlb-3d 
Nicktoons MLB 3D      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/nikolis-pencil-puzzle 
Nikolis Pencil Puzzle      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/nintendo-2ds-crimson-red 
Nintendo 2DS Crimson Red      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/nintendo-2ds-crystal-red 
Nintendo 2DS Crystal Red      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/nintendo-2ds-electric-blue 
Nintendo 2DS Electric Blue      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/nintendo-2ds-super-mario-bros-2-edition 
Nintendo 2DS Super Mario Bros 2 Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/nintendo-2ds-zelda-ocarina-of-time-edition 
Nintendo 2DS Zelda Ocarina of Time Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/nintendo-3ds-aqua-blue 
Nintendo 3DS Aqua Blue      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/nintendo-3ds-black-zelda-limited-edition 
Nintendo 3DS Black Zelda Limited Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/nintendo-3ds-blue-fire-emblem-limited-edition 
Nintendo 3DS Blue Fire Emblem Limited Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/nintendo-3ds-cosmo-black 
Nintendo 3DS Cosmo Black      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/nintendo-3ds-flame-red 
Nintendo 3DS Flame Red      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/nintendo-3ds-midnight-purple 
Nintendo 3DS Midnight Purple      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/nintendo-3ds-pearl-pink 
Nintendo 3DS Pearl Pink      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/nintendo-3ds-pokemon-20th-anniversary-edition 
Nintendo 3DS Pokemon 20th Anniversary Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/nintendo-3ds-silver-mario-&-luigi-limited-edition 
Nintendo 3DS Silver Mario & Luigi Limited Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/nintendo-3ds-xl-black 
Nintendo 3DS XL Black      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/nintendo-3ds-xl-black-&-blue 
Nintendo 3DS XL Black & Blue      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/nintendo-3ds-xl-black-&-red 
Nintendo 3DS XL Black & Red      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/nintendo-3ds-xl-blue-super-smash-limited-edition 
Nintendo 3DS XL Blue Super Smash Limited Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/nintendo-3ds-xl-groudon-edition 
Nintendo 3DS XL Groudon Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/nintendo-3ds-xl-kyogre-edition 
Nintendo 3DS XL Kyogre Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/nintendo-3ds-xl-magical-world-mickey-mouse-limited-edition 
Nintendo 3DS XL Magical World Mickey Mouse Limited Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/nintendo-3ds-xl-mario-kart-blackblue-limited-edition 
Nintendo 3DS XL Mario Kart Black/Blue Limited Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/nintendo-3ds-xl-nintendo-nes-limited-edition 
Nintendo 3DS XL Nintendo NES Limited Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/nintendo-3ds-xl-persona-q-limited-edition 
Nintendo 3DS XL Persona Q Limited Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/nintendo-3ds-xl-pink-&-white 
Nintendo 3DS XL Pink & White      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/nintendo-3ds-xl-pokemon-x-y-blue-limited-edition 
Nintendo 3DS XL Pokemon X Y Blue Limited Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/nintendo-3ds-xl-pokemon-x-y-red-limited-edition 
Nintendo 3DS XL Pokemon X Y Red Limited Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/nintendo-3ds-xl-red-super-smash-limited-edition 
Nintendo 3DS XL Red Super Smash Limited Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/nintendo-3ds-xl-super-mario-bros-2-limited-edition 
Nintendo 3DS XL Super Mario Bros 2 Limited Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/nintendo-3ds-xl-white-animal-crossing-limited-edition 
Nintendo 3DS XL White Animal Crossing Limited Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/nintendo-3ds-xl-yellow-pikachu-limited-edition 
Nintendo 3DS XL Yellow Pikachu Limited Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/nintendo-3ds-xl-yoshi-limited-edition 
Nintendo 3DS XL Yoshi Limited Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/nintendo-3ds-xl-zelda-link-between-worlds-limited-edition 
Nintendo 3DS XL Zelda Link Between Worlds Limited Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/nintendo-3ds-xl-zelda-majora's-mask-limited-edition 
Nintendo 3DS XL Zelda Majora's Mask Limited Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/nintendogs-+-cats-french-bulldog-&-new-friends 
Nintendogs + Cats: French Bulldog & New Friends      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/nintendogs-+-cats-golden-retriever-&-new-friends 
Nintendogs + Cats: Golden Retriever & New Friends      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/nintendogs-+-cats-golden-retriever-&-new-friends-%5bnot-for-resale%5d 
Nintendogs + Cats: Golden Retriever & New Friends [Not for Resale]    
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/nintendogs-+-cats-toy-poodle-&-new-friends 
Nintendogs + Cats: Toy Poodle & New Friends      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/one-piece-romance-dawn 
One Piece: Romance Dawn      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/one-piece-unlimited-world-red-day-one-edition 
One Piece: Unlimited World Red Day One Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/oregon-trail 
Oregon Trail      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/outdoors-unleashed-africa 
Outdoors Unleashed: Africa   
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/outdoors-unleashed-alaska 
Outdoors Unleashed: Alaska   
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/pac-man-party-3d 
Pac Man Party 3D      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/pac-man-&-galaga-dimensions 
Pac-Man & Galaga Dimensions      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/pac-man-and-the-ghostly-adventures 
Pac-Man and the Ghostly Adventures      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/pac-man-and-the-ghostly-adventures-2 
Pac-Man and the Ghostly Adventures 2      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/paddington-adventures-in-london 
Paddington: Adventures in London      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/paper-mario-sticker-star 
Paper Mario: Sticker Star      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/paws-&-claws-pampered-pets-resort-3d 
Paws & Claws Pampered Pets Resort 3D      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/penguins-of-madagascar 
Penguins of Madagascar      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/persona-q-shadow-of-the-labyrinth 
Persona Q: Shadow of the Labyrinth      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/persona-q-shadow-of-the-labyrinth-wild-cards-premium-edition 
Persona Q: Shadow of the Labyrinth Wild Cards Premium Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/pet-zombies 
Pet Zombies      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/petz-beach 
Petz Beach      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/petz-countryside 
Petz Countryside      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/petz-fantasy-3d 
Petz Fantasy 3D      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/phineas-&-ferb-quest-for-cool-stuff 
Phineas & Ferb: Quest for Cool Stuff      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/pilotwings-resort 
PilotWings Resort      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/pilotwings-resort-%5bnot-for-resale%5d 
PilotWings Resort [Not for Resale]   
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/pinball-hall-of-fame-the-williams-collection 
Pinball Hall of Fame: The Williams Collection      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/planes-fire-&-rescue 
Planes: Fire & Rescue      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/pokemon-alpha-sapphire 
Pokemon Alpha Sapphire      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/pokemon-art-academy 
Pokemon Art Academy      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/pokemon-moon 
Pokemon Moon      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/pokemon-mystery-dungeon-gates-to-infinity 
Pokemon Mystery Dungeon Gates To Infinity      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/pokemon-omega-ruby 
Pokemon Omega Ruby      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/pokemon-omega-ruby-&-alpha-sapphire-dual-pack 
Pokemon Omega Ruby & Alpha Sapphire Dual Pack      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/pokemon-rumble-blast 
Pokemon Rumble Blast      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/pokemon-rumble-world 
Pokemon Rumble World      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/pokemon-sun 
Pokemon Sun      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/pokemon-sun-and-moon-dual-pack 
Pokemon Sun and Moon Dual Pack      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/pokemon-super-mystery-dungeon 
Pokemon Super Mystery Dungeon      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/pokemon-ultra-moon 
Pokemon Ultra Moon      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/pokemon-ultra-moon-%5bstarter-bundle%5d 
Pokemon Ultra Moon [Starter Bundle]      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/pokemon-ultra-sun 
Pokemon Ultra Sun      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/pokemon-ultra-sun-&-pokemon-ultra-moon-dual-pack 
Pokemon Ultra Sun & Pokemon Ultra Moon Dual Pack      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/pokemon-ultra-sun-&-pokemon-ultra-moon-%5bsteelbook-edition%5d 
Pokemon Ultra Sun & Pokemon Ultra Moon [Steelbook Edition]      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/pokemon-ultra-sun-%5bstarter-bundle%5d 
Pokemon Ultra Sun [Starter Bundle]      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/pokemon-x 
Pokemon X      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/pokemon-y 
Pokemon Y      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/poochy-&-yoshi's-woolly-world 
Poochy & Yoshi's Woolly World      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/poochy-&-yoshi's-woolly-world-%5bamiibo-bundle%5d 
Poochy & Yoshi's Woolly World [amiibo Bundle]      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/poptropica-forgotten-islands 
Poptropica: Forgotten Islands      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/power-rangers-megaforce 
Power Rangers Megaforce      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/power-rangers-super-megaforce 
Power Rangers Super Megaforce      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/pro-evolution-soccer-2011 
Pro Evolution Soccer 2011      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/pro-evolution-soccer-2012 
Pro Evolution Soccer 2012      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/pro-evolution-soccer-2013 
Pro Evolution Soccer 2013      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/professor-layton-and-the-miracle-mask 
Professor Layton and The Miracle Mask      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/professor-layton-and-the-azran-legacy 
Professor Layton and the Azran Legacy      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/professor-layton-vs-phoenix-wright-ace-attorney 
Professor Layton vs. Phoenix Wright: Ace Attorney      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/project-x-zone 
Project X Zone      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/project-x-zone-2 
Project X Zone 2      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/project-x-zone-limited-edition 
Project X Zone: Limited Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/puppies-3d 
Puppies 3D      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/purr-pals-purrfection 
Purr Pals: Purrfection      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/putty-squad 
Putty Squad      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/puzzle-&-dragons-z-+-puzzle-&-dragons-super-mario-bros-edition 
Puzzle & Dragons Z + Puzzle & Dragons: Super Mario Bros. Edition     \intbl   
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/puzzler-mind-gym-3d 
Puzzler Mind Gym 3D      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/puzzler-world-2012-3d 
Puzzler World 2012 3D      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/puzzler-world-2013 
Puzzler World 2013      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/rpg-maker-fes-limited-edition 
RPG Maker FES Limited Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/rpg-maker-fes 
RPG Maker Fes      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/rabbids-rumble 
Rabbids Rumble      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/radiant-historia-perfect-chronology 
Radiant Historia Perfect Chronology      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/radiant-historia-perfect-chronology-%5blaunch-edition%5d 
Radiant Historia Perfect Chronology [Launch Edition]      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/raving-rabbids-travel-in-time-3d 
Raving Rabbids: Travel in Time 3D      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/rayman-3d 
Rayman 3D      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/rayman-origins 
Rayman Origins      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/real-heroes-firefighter-3d 
Real Heroes: Firefighter 3D      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/reel-fishing-paradise-3d 
Reel Fishing Paradise 3D      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/regular-show-mordecai-&-rigby-in-8-bit-land 
Regular Show: Mordecai & Rigby in 8-Bit Land      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/resident-evil-revelations 
Resident Evil Revelations      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/resident-evil-the-mercenaries-3d 
Resident Evil: The Mercenaries 3D      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/return-to-popolocrois-a-story-of-seasons-fairytale 
Return to PoPoLoCrois: A Story of Seasons Fairytale      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/rhythm-thief-&-the-emperors-treasure 
Rhythm Thief & The Emperors Treasure      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/ridge-racer-3d 
Ridge Racer 3D      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/rise-of-the-guardians 
Rise Of The Guardians      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/river-city-rival-showdown 
River City Rival Showdown      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/river-city-tokyo-rumble 
River City Tokyo Rumble      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/rodea-the-sky-soldier 
Rodea the Sky Soldier      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/rodea-the-sky-soldier-limited-edition 
Rodea the Sky Soldier Limited Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/roller-coaster-tycoon-3d 
Roller Coaster Tycoon 3D      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/runbow-pocket-deluxe-edition 
Runbow Pocket Deluxe Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/rune-factory-4 
Rune Factory 4      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/samurai-warriors-chronicles 
Samurai Warriors Chronicles      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/scooby-doo-&-looney-tunes-cartoon-universe-adventure 
Scooby-Doo! & Looney Tunes Cartoon Universe Adventure      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/scribblenauts-unlimited 
Scribblenauts Unlimited      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/scribblenauts-unmasked-a-dc-comics-adventure 
Scribblenauts Unmasked: A DC Comics Adventure      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/sega-3d-classics-collection 
Sega 3D Classics Collection      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/senran-kagura-2-deep-crimson-double-d-edition 
Senran Kagura 2: Deep Crimson Double D Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/shantae-and-the-pirate's-curse 
Shantae and the Pirate's Curse      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/shifting-world 
Shifting World      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/shin-megami-tensei-iv 
Shin Megami Tensei IV      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/shin-megami-tensei-iv-apocalypse 
Shin Megami Tensei IV Apocalypse      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/shin-megami-tensei-iv-apocalypse-launch-edition 
Shin Megami Tensei IV Apocalypse Launch Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/shin-megami-tensei-iv-limited-edition 
Shin Megami Tensei IV Limited Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/shin-megami-tensei-devil-summoner-soul-hackers 
Shin Megami Tensei: Devil Summoner: Soul Hackers      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/shin-megami-tensei-devil-summoner-soul-hackers-%5bsoundtrack-bundle%5d 
Shin Megami Tensei: Devil Summoner: Soul Hackers [Soundtrack Bundle]       
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/shin-megami-tensei-devil-survivor-2-record-breaker 
Shin Megami Tensei: Devil Survivor 2 Record Breaker      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/shin-megami-tensei-devil-survivor-overclocked 
Shin Megami Tensei: Devil Survivor Overclocked      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/shin-megami-tensei-strange-journey-redux 
Shin Megami Tensei: Strange Journey Redux      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/shinobi 
Shinobi      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/shovel-knight 
Shovel Knight      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/skylander's-giants-portal-owners-pack 
Skylander's Giants Portal Owners Pack      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/skylander's-giants-starter-pack 
Skylander's Giants Starter Pack      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/skylanders-spyro's-adventure 
Skylanders Spyro's Adventure      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/skylanders-superchargers-starter-pack 
Skylanders SuperChargers Starter Pack      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/skylanders-swap-force-starter-pack 
Skylanders Swap Force: Starter Pack      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/skylanders-trap-team-starter-pack 
Skylanders Trap Team: Starter Pack      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/snoopy's-grand-adventure 
Snoopy's Grand Adventure      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/sonic-&-all-stars-racing-transformed 
Sonic & All-Stars Racing Transformed      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/sonic-boom-fire-&-ice 
Sonic Boom: Fire & Ice      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/sonic-boom-shattered-crystal 
Sonic Boom: Shattered Crystal      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/sonic-generations 
Sonic Generations      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/sonic-lost-world 
Sonic Lost World      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/spiderman-edge-of-time 
Spiderman: Edge of Time      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/spirit-camera-the-cursed-memoir 
Spirit Camera The Cursed Memoir      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/splinter-cell-3d 
Splinter Cell 3D      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/spongebob-heropants 
SpongeBob HeroPants      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/spongebob-squarepants-plankton's-robotic-revenge 
SpongeBob SquarePants: Plankton's Robotic Revenge      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/spongebob-squigglepants-udraw 
SpongeBob SquigglePants uDraw      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/spy-hunter 
Spy Hunter      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/star-fox-64-3d 
Star Fox 64 3D      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/star-fox-64-3d-%5bnot-for-resale%5d 
Star Fox 64 3D [Not for Resale]      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/steel-diver 
Steel Diver      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/steel-diver-%5bnot-for-resale%5d 
Steel Diver [Not for Resale]      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/stella-glow 
Stella Glow    
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/stella-glow-limited-edition 
Stella Glow Limited Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/story-of-seasons 
Story of Seasons      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/story-of-seasons-trio-of-towns 
Story of Seasons: Trio of Towns      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/style-savvy-trendsetter 
Style Savvy Trendsetter      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/style-savvy-trendsetter-%5bnot-for-resale%5d 
Style Savvy Trendsetter [Not for Resale]   
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/style-savvy-fashion-forward 
Style Savvy: Fashion Forward      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/super-black-bass-3d 
Super Black Bass 3D      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/super-mario-3d-land 
Super Mario 3D Land      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/super-mario-3d-land-%5bnot-for-resale%5d 
Super Mario 3D Land [Not for Resale]      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/super-mario-maker 
Super Mario Maker      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/super-monkey-ball-3d 
Super Monkey Ball 3D      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/super-smash-bros-for-nintendo-3ds 
Super Smash Bros for Nintendo 3DS      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/super-smash-bros-for-nintendo-3ds-%5bnot-for-resale%5d 
Super Smash Bros for Nintendo 3DS [Not for Resale]   
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/super-street-fighter-iv-3d-edition 
Super Street Fighter IV 3D Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/super-street-fighter-iv-3d-edition-%5bnot-for-resale%5d 
Super Street Fighter IV 3D Edition [Not for Resale]   
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/sushi-striker 
Sushi Striker      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/tales-of-the-abyss 
Tales of the Abyss      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/teenage-mutant-ninja-turtles 
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/teenage-mutant-ninja-turtles-(movie) 
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles (Movie)      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/teenage-mutant-ninja-turtles-master-splinter's-training-pack 
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles Master Splinter's Training Pack      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/teenage-mutant-ninja-turtles-danger-of-the-ooze 
Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles: Danger of the Ooze      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/tekken-3ds-prime-edition 
Tekken 3DS Prime Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/tenkai-knights-brave-battle 
Tenkai Knights: Brave Battle      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/tenkai-knights-brave-battle-limited-edition 
Tenkai Knights: Brave Battle Limited Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/terraria 
Terraria      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/tetris-axis 
Tetris Axis      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/tetris-ultimate 
Tetris Ultimate      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/the-croods-prehistoric-party 
The Croods: Prehistoric Party      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/the-hidden 
The Hidden      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/the-sims-3 
The Sims 3      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/the-sims-3-pets 
The Sims 3: Pets      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/the-smurfs 
The Smurfs      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/theatrhythm-final-fantasy-curtain-call 
Theatrhythm Final Fantasy: Curtain Call      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/theatrhythm-final-fantasy-curtain-call-collector's-edition 
Theatrhythm Final Fantasy: Curtain Call Collector's Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/theatrhythm-final-fantasy-curtain-call-limited-edition 
Theatrhythm Final Fantasy: Curtain Call Limited Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/theatrhythm-final-fantasy 
Theatrhythm: Final Fantasy      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/thor-god-of-thunder 
Thor: God of Thunder      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/tomodachi-life 
Tomodachi Life      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/top-trumps-nba-all-stars 
Top Trumps: NBA All-Stars      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/transformers-dark-of-the-moon-stealth-force-edition 
Transformers: Dark of the Moon Stealth Force Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/transformers-prime 
Transformers: Prime      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/transformers-rise-of-the-dark-spark 
Transformers: Rise of the Dark Spark      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/trash-packs 
Trash Packs      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/travel-adventures-with-hello-kitty 
Travel Adventures with Hello Kitty      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/turbo-super-stunt-squad 
Turbo: Super Stunt Squad      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/ultimate-nes-remix 
Ultimate NES Remix      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/wwe-all-stars 
WWE All Stars      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/wario-ware-gold 
Wario Ware Gold      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/winx-club-saving-alfea 
Winx Club: Saving Alfea      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/wipeout-2 
Wipeout 2      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/wipeout-3 
Wipeout 3      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/wipeout-create-&-crash 
Wipeout: Create & Crash      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/wreck-it-ralph 
Wreck It Ralph      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/xenoblade-chronicles-3d 
Xenoblade Chronicles 3D      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/yo-kai-watch 
Yo-Kai Watch      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/yo-kai-watch-2-bony-spirits 
Yo-Kai Watch 2 Bony Spirits      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/yo-kai-watch-2-bony-spirits-%5bnot-for-resale%5d 
Yo-Kai Watch 2 Bony Spirits [Not for Resale]   
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/yo-kai-watch-2-fleshy-souls 
Yo-Kai Watch 2 Fleshy Souls      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/yo-kai-watch-2-psychic-specters 
Yo-Kai Watch 2: Psychic Specters      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/yo-kai-watch-blasters-red-cat-corps 
Yo-Kai Watch Blasters: Red Cat Corps      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/yo-kai-watch-blasters-white-dog-squad 
Yo-Kai Watch Blasters: White Dog Squad      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/yo-kai-watch-%5bnot-for-resale%5d 
Yo-Kai Watch [Not for Resale]   
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/yoshi's-new-island 
Yoshi's New Island      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/yoshi's-new-island-%5bnot-for-resale%5d 
Yoshi's New Island [Not for Resale]   
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/young-justice-legacy 
Young Justice: Legacy      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/zelda-a-link-between-worlds 
Zelda A Link Between Worlds      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/zelda-a-link-between-worlds-%5bnot-for-resale%5d 
Zelda A Link Between Worlds [Not for Resale]      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/ze lda-majora's-mask-3d 
Zelda Majora's Mask 3D        
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/zelda-majora's-mask-3d-limited-edition 
Zelda Majora's Mask 3D Limited Edition      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/zelda-majora's-mask-3d-%5bnot-for-resale%5d 
Zelda Majora's Mask 3D [Not for Resale]   
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/zelda-ocarina-of-time-3d 
Zelda Ocarina of Time 3D      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/zelda-ocarina-of-time-3d-%5bnot-for-resale%5d 
Zelda Ocarina of Time 3D [Not for Resale]      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/zelda-ocarina-of-time-3d-nintendo-selects 
Zelda Ocarina of Time 3D: Nintendo Selects      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/zelda-tri-force-heroes 
Zelda Tri Force Heroes      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/zero-escape-virtues-last-reward 
Zero Escape: Virtues Last Reward      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/zero-time-dilemma 
Zero Time Dilemma      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/nintendo-3ds/zoo-resort-3d 
Zoo Resort 3D   
