https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/astroblast-superchargers-legendary
Astroblast - SuperChargers Legendary
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/bad-juju-imaginators
Bad Juju - Imaginators
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/barkley-sidekicks
Barkley - Sidekicks
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/barkley-trap-team
Barkley - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/barkley-trap-team-gnarly
Barkley - Trap Team Gnarly
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/barrel-blaster-superchargers
Barrel Blaster - SuperChargers
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/barrel-blaster-superchargers-dark
Barrel Blaster - SuperChargers Dark
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/bash
Bash
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/bash-blue
Bash - Blue
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/bash-giants-series-2
Bash - Giants Series 2
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/bash-legendary
Bash - Legendary
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/bat-spin-trap-team
Bat Spin - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/battle-hammer
Battle Hammer
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/blackout-trap-team
Blackout - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/blades-trap-team
Blades - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/blades-trap-team-legendary
Blades - Trap Team Legendary
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/blast-zone-swap-force
Blast Zone - Swap Force
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/blast-zone-swap-force-dark
Blast Zone - Swap Force Dark
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/blaster-tron-imaginators
Blaster Tron - Imaginators
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/blastermind-trap-team
Blastermind - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/boom-jet-swap-force
Boom Jet - Swap Force
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/boomer
Boomer
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/boomer-silver
Boomer - Silver
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/bop-trap-team
Bop - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/bouncer-giants-legendary
Bouncer - Giants Legendary
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/bouncer-giants-series-2
Bouncer - Giants Series 2
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/bowser-superchargers
Bowser - SuperChargers
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/bumble-blast-swap-force
Bumble Blast - Swap Force
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/bumble-blast-swap-force-jolly
Bumble Blast - Swap Force Jolly
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/bumble-blast-swap-force-lightcore
Bumble Blast - Swap Force Lightcore
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/burn-cycle-superchargers
Burn Cycle - SuperChargers
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/bushwack-trap-team
Bushwack - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/bushwhack-trap-team-legendary
Bushwhack - Trap Team Legendary
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/camo-spyro%27s-adventure
Camo - Spyro's Adventure
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/chill-blizzard
Chill - Blizzard
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/chill-giants
Chill - Giants
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/chill-giants-legendary-lightcore
Chill - Giants Legendary Lightcore
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/chill-giants-lightcore
Chill - Giants Lightcore
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/chop-chop
Chop Chop
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/chop-chop-eon%27s-elite
Chop Chop - Eon's Elite
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/chop-chop-giants-series-2
Chop Chop - Giants Series 2
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/chop-chop-giants-toy-fair-2013
Chop Chop - Giants Toy Fair 2013
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/chop-chop-gold
Chop Chop - Gold
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/chop-chop-legendary
Chop Chop - Legendary
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/chop-chop-swap-force-twin-blade
Chop Chop - Swap Force Twin Blade
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/chop-chop-swap-force-twin-blade-green
Chop Chop - Swap Force Twin Blade Green
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/chopper-trap-team
Chopper - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/clown-cruiser-superchargers
Clown Cruiser - SuperChargers
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/cobra-cadabra-trap-team
Cobra Cadabra - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/countdown-swap-force
Countdown - Swap Force
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/countdown-swap-force-kickoff
Countdown - Swap Force Kickoff
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/countdown-swap-force-lightcore
Countdown - Swap Force Lightcore
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/crusher-giants
Crusher - Giants
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/crusher-giants-granite
Crusher - Giants Granite
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/crypt-crusher-superchargers
Crypt Crusher - SuperChargers
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/cynder
Cynder
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/cynder-clear
Cynder - Clear
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/cynder-giants-glow-in-the-dark
Cynder - Giants Glow in the Dark
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/cynder-giants-series-2
Cynder - Giants Series 2
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/cynder-swap-force-phantom
Cynder - Swap Force Phantom
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/cynder-toy-fair-2012
Cynder - Toy Fair 2012
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/deja-vu-trap-team
Deja Vu - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/deja-vu-trap-team-legendary
Deja Vu - Trap Team Legendary
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/dino-rang
Dino-Rang
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/dino-rang-eon's-elite
Dino-Rang - Eon's Elite
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/dino-rang-silver
Dino-Rang - Silver
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/dive-bomber-superchargers
Dive Bomber - SuperChargers
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/dive-clops-superchargers
Dive Clops - SuperChargers
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/dive-clops-superchargers-missile-tow
Dive Clops - SuperChargers Missile Tow
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/donkey-kong-superchargers
Donkey Kong - SuperChargers
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/donkey-kong-superchargers-dark
Donkey Kong - SuperChargers Dark
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/doom-stone-swap-force
Doom Stone - Swap Force
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/double-trouble
Double Trouble
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/double-trouble-giants-battlegrounds-royal
Double Trouble - Giants Battlegrounds Royal
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/double-trouble-giants-series-2
Double Trouble - Giants Series 2
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/drill-sergeant
Drill Sergeant
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/drill-sergeant-giants-series-2
Drill Sergeant - Giants Series 2
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/drill-sergeant-gold
Drill Sergeant - Gold
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/drill-sergeant-red
Drill Sergeant - Red
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/drobit-trap-team
Drobit - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/drobot
Drobot
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/drobot-giants-lightcore
Drobot - Giants Lightcore
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/drobot-giants-series-2
Drobot - Giants Series 2
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/dune-bug-swap-force
Dune Bug - Swap Force
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/dune-bug-swap-force-red
Dune Bug - Swap Force Red
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/echo-trap-team
Echo - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/enchanted-elven-forest-adventure-pack-imaginators
Enchanted Elven Forest Adventure Pack - Imaginators
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/enigma-trap-team
Enigma - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/eruptor
Eruptor
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/eruptor-eon's-elite
Eruptor - Eon's Elite
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/eruptor-giants-lightcore
Eruptor - Giants Lightcore
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/eruptor-giants-series-2
Eruptor - Giants Series 2
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/eruptor-giants-white-flocked-series-2
Eruptor - Giants White Flocked Series 2
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/eruptor-silver
Eruptor - Silver
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/eruptor-superchargers-lava-lance
Eruptor - SuperChargers Lava Lance
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/eruptor-swap-force-lava-barf
Eruptor - Swap Force Lava Barf
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/eruptor-swap-force-lava-barf-volcanic
Eruptor - Swap Force Lava Barf Volcanic
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/eye-brawl-giants
Eye Brawl - Giants
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/eye-brawl-giants-pumpkin
Eye Brawl - Giants Pumpkin
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/eye-brawl-giants-purple-metallic
Eye Brawl - Giants Purple Metallic
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/eye-small-sidekicks
Eye Small - Sidekicks
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/eye-small-trap-team
Eye Small - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/fiesta-superchargers
Fiesta - SuperChargers
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/fiesta-superchargers-frightful
Fiesta - SuperChargers Frightful
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/fire-kraken-swap-force
Fire Kraken - Swap Force
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/fire-kraken-swap-force-gold
Fire Kraken - Swap Force Gold
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/fire-kraken-swap-force-jade
Fire Kraken - Swap Force Jade
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/fist-bump-trap-team
Fist Bump - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/flameslinger
Flameslinger
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/flameslinger-giants-gold-series-2
Flameslinger - Giants Gold Series 2
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/flameslinger-giants-series-2
Flameslinger - Giants Series 2
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/flameslinger-gold
Flameslinger - Gold
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/flashwing-giants
Flashwing - Giants
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/flashwing-giants-jade
Flashwing - Giants Jade
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/flashwing-swap-force-lightcore
Flashwing - Swap Force Lightcore
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/fling-kong-trap-team
Fling Kong - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/flip-wreck-trap-team
Flip Wreck - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/food-fight-trap-team
Food Fight - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/food-fight-trap-team-dark
Food Fight - Trap Team Dark
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/free-ranger-swap-force
Free Ranger - Swap Force
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/free-ranger-swap-force-legendary
Free Ranger - Swap Force Legendary
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/freeze-blade-swap-force
Freeze Blade - Swap Force
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/freeze-blade-swap-force-nitro
Freeze Blade - Swap Force Nitro
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/fright-rider-giants
Fright Rider - Giants
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/fright-rider-giants-glow-in-the-dark
Fright Rider - Giants Glow in the Dark
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/fright-rider-giants-halloween
Fright Rider - Giants Halloween
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/fryno-swap-force
Fryno - Swap Force
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/fryno-trap-team-hog-wild
Fryno - Trap Team Hog Wild
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/funny-bone-trap-team
Funny Bone - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/gearshift-trap-team
Gearshift - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/ghost-roaster
Ghost Roaster 
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/ghost-swords
Ghost Swords 
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/gill-grunt
Gill Grunt 
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/gill-grunt-e3-2011
Gill Grunt - E3 2011
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/gill-grunt-eon's-elite
Gill Grunt - Eon's Elite
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/gill-grunt-giants-green-metallic
Gill Grunt - Giants Green Metallic
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/gill-grunt-giants-series-2
Gill Grunt - Giants Series 2
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/gill-grunt-green
Gill Grunt - Green
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/gill-grunt-superchargers-deep-dive
Gill Grunt - SuperChargers Deep Dive
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/gill-grunt-swap-force
Gill Grunt - Swap Force
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/gill-grunt-trap-team-tidal-wave
Gill Grunt - Trap Team Tidal Wave
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/gill-runt-sidekicks
Gill Runt - Sidekicks
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/gill-runt-trap-team
Gill Runt - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/grave-clobber-imaginators
Grave Clobber - Imaginators
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/grilla-drilla-swap-force
Grilla Drilla - Swap Force
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/grim-creeper-swap-force
Grim Creeper - Swap Force
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/grim-creeper-swap-force-legendary
Grim Creeper - Swap Force Legendary
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/grim-creeper-swap-force-lightcore
Grim Creeper - Swap Force Lightcore
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/gusto-trap-team
Gusto - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/hand-of-fate-trap-team-legendary
Hand of Fate - Trap Team Legendary
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/head-rush-trap-team
Head Rush - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/head-rush-trap-team-nitro
Head Rush - Trap Team Nitro
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/hex
Hex  
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/hex-giants-lightcore
Hex - Giants Lightcore
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/hex-giants-series-2
Hex - Giants Series 2
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/hex-pearl-toy-fair-2012
Hex - Pearl Toy Fair 2012
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/hidden-treasure
Hidden Treasure
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/high-five-trap-team
High Five - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/high-volt-superchargers
High Volt - SuperChargers
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/hijinx-trap-team
Hijinx - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/hood-sickle-imaginators
Hood Sickle - Imaginators
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/hoot-loop-swap-force
Hoot Loop - Swap Force
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/hoot-loop-swap-force-enchanted
Hoot Loop - Swap Force Enchanted
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/hot-dog-e3-2013-bronze
Hot Dog - E3 2013 Bronze
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/hot-dog-giants
Hot Dog - Giants
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/hot-dog-giants-molten
Hot Dog - Giants Molten
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/hot-dog-swap-force-fire-bone
Hot Dog - Swap Force Fire Bone
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/hot-head-giants
Hot Head - Giants
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/hot-head-giants-pearl
Hot Head - Giants Pearl
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/hot-streak-superchargers
Hot Streak - SuperChargers
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/hot-streak-superchargers-dark
Hot Streak - SuperChargers Dark
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/hot-streak-superchargers-e3-2015
Hot Streak - SuperChargers E3 2015
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/hot-streak-superchargers-gold
Hot Streak - SuperChargers Gold
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/ignitor
Ignitor 
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/ignitor-giants-legendary
Ignitor - Giants Legendary
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/ignitor-giants-series-2
Ignitor - Giants Series 2
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/jaw-breaker-trap-team
Jaw Breaker - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/jaw-breaker-trap-team-legendary
Jaw Breaker - Trap Team Legendary
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/jet-stream-superchargers
Jet Stream - SuperChargers
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/jet-vac-giants
Jet-Vac - Giants
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/jet-vac-giants-blizzard
Jet-Vac - Giants Blizzard
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/jet-vac-giants-legendary
Jet-Vac - Giants Legendary
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/jet-vac-giants-lightcore
Jet-Vac - Giants Lightcore
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/jet-vac-superchargers-hurricane
Jet-Vac - SuperChargers Hurricane
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/jet-vac-superchargers-hurricane-legendary
Jet-Vac - SuperChargers Hurricane Legendary
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/jet-vac-swap-force-turbo
Jet-Vac - Swap Force Turbo
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/jet-vac-trap-team-full-blast
Jet-Vac - Trap Team Full Blast
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/ka-boom-trap-team
Ka Boom - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/kaos-trophy
Kaos Trophy 
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/king-cobra-cadabra-trap-team
King Cobra Cadabra - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/knight-light-trap-team
Knight Light - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/knight-mare-trap-team
Knight Mare - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/krypt-king-trap-team
Krypt King - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/krypt-king-trap-team-nitro
Krypt King - Trap Team Nitro
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/lightning-rod
Lightning Rod 
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/lightning-rod-giants-purple-metallic
Lightning Rod - Giants Purple Metallic
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/lightning-rod-giants-series-2
Lightning Rod - Giants Series 2
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/lob-star-trap-team
Lob Star - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/lob-star-trap-team-winferfest
Lob Star - Trap Team Winferfest
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/magna-charge-swap-force
Magna Charge - Swap Force
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/magna-charge-swap-force-nitro
Magna Charge - Swap Force Nitro
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/master-barbella-imaginators
Master Barbella - Imaginators
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/master-chopscotch-imaginators
Master Chopscotch - Imaginators
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/master-flare-wolf-imaginators
Master Flare Wolf - Imaginators
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/master-mysticat-imaginators
Master Mysticat - Imaginators
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/master-starcast-imaginators
Master Starcast - Imaginators
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/master-tidepool-imaginators
Master Tidepool - Imaginators
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/master-tri-tip-imaginators
Master Tri-Tip - Imaginators
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/mini-jini-sidekicks
Mini Jini - Sidekicks
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/mini-jini-trap-team
Mini Jini - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/night-shift-swap-force
Night Shift - Swap Force
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/night-shift-swap-force-legendary
Night Shift - Swap Force Legendary
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/nightfall-superchargers
Nightfall - SuperChargers
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/nightmare-express-trap-team
Nightmare Express - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/ninjini-giants
Ninjini - Giants
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/ninjini-giants-scarlet
Ninjini - Giants Scarlet
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/pet-vac-trap-team-mini
Pet Vac - Trap Team Mini
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/pet-vac-trap-team-mini-power-punch
Pet Vac - Trap Team Mini Power Punch
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/piggy-bank-trap-team-legendary
Piggy Bank - Trap Team Legendary
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/pirate-seas
Pirate Seas 
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/pop-fizz-giants
Pop Fizz - Giants
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/pop-fizz-giants-lightcore
Pop Fizz - Giants Lightcore
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/pop-fizz-giants-punch
Pop Fizz - Giants Punch
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/pop-fizz-superchargers-big-bubble
Pop Fizz - SuperChargers Big Bubble
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/pop-fizz-swap-force-super-gulp
Pop Fizz - Swap Force Super Gulp
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/pop-fizz-trap-team-fizzy-frenzy
Pop Fizz - Trap Team Fizzy Frenzy
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/pop-fizz-trap-team-love-potion
Pop Fizz - Trap Team Love Potion
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/pop-thorn-swap-force
Pop Thorn - Swap Force
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/prism-break
Prism Break 
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/prism-break-giants-employee-holiday-2012-lightcore
Prism Break - Giants Employee Holiday 2012 Lightcore      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/prism-break-giants-lightcore
Prism Break - Giants Lightcore
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/prism-break-giants-series-2
Prism Break - Giants Series 2
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/prism-break-giants-white-flocked
Prism Break - Giants White Flocked
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/prism-break-swap-force-hyper-beam
Prism Break - Swap Force Hyper Beam
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/punk-shock-swap-force
Punk Shock - Swap Force
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/quickdraw-rattle-shake-swap-force
Quickdraw Rattle Shake - Swap Force
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/rattle-shake-swap-force
Rattle Shake - Swap Force
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/reef-ripper-superchargers
Reef Ripper - SuperChargers
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/riptide-swap-force
Riptide - Swap Force
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/riptide-swap-force-green
Riptide - Swap Force Green
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/rocky-roll-trap-team
Rocky Roll - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/roller-brawl-swap-force
Roller Brawl - Swap Force
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/rubble-rouser-swap-force
Rubble Rouser - Swap Force
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/scorp-swap-force
Scorp - Swap Force
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/scorp-swap-force-green
Scorp - Swap Force Green
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/scorpion-striker-catapult
Scorpion Striker Catapult
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/scratch-swap-force
Scratch - Swap Force
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/sea-racing-action-pack
Sea Racing Action Pack
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/sea-shadow-superchargers
Sea Shadow - SuperChargers
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/sea-shadow-superchargers-dark
Sea Shadow - SuperChargers Dark
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/shark-tank-superchargers
Shark Tank - SuperChargers
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/shield-striker-superchargers
Shield Striker - SuperChargers
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/short-cut-trap-team
Short Cut - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/shroomboom-giants
Shroomboom - Giants
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/shroomboom-giants-lightcore
Shroomboom - Giants Lightcore
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/shroomboom-trap-team-sure-shot
Shroomboom - Trap Team Sure Shot
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/sky-diamond
Sky Diamond 
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/sky-slicer-superchargers
Sky Slicer - SuperChargers
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/slam-bam
Slam Bam 
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/slam-bam-giants-legendary
Slam Bam - Giants Legendary
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/slam-bam-giants-series-2
Slam Bam - Giants Series 2
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/slobber-tooth-swap-force
Slobber Tooth - Swap Force
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/slobber-tooth-swap-force-dark
Slobber Tooth - Swap Force Dark
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/small-fry-trap-team
Small Fry - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/smash-hit-superchargers
Smash Hit - SuperChargers
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/smash-hit-superchargers-steel-plated
Smash Hit - SuperChargers Steel Plated
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/smolderdash-swap-force
Smolderdash - Swap Force
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/smolderdash-swap-force-lightcore
Smolderdash - Swap Force Lightcore
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/snap-shot-trap-team-dark
Snap Shot - Trap Team Dark
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/snap-shot-trap-team-master
Snap Shot - Trap Team Master
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/snowderdash-swap-force-employee-2013
Snowderdash - Swap Force Employee 2013
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/sonic-boom
Sonic Boom 
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/sonic-boom-giants-glow-in-the-dark
Sonic Boom - Giants Glow in the Dark
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/sonic-boom-giants-pearl-series-2
Sonic Boom - Giants Pearl Series 2
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/sonic-boom-giants-series-2
Sonic Boom - Giants Series 2
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/spitfire-superchargers
Spitfire - SuperChargers
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/spitfire-superchargers-dark
Spitfire - SuperChargers Dark
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/splat-superchargers
Splat - SuperChargers
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/splatter-splasher-superchargers
Splatter Splasher - SuperChargers
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/spotlight-trap-team
Spotlight - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/sprocket-giants
Sprocket - Giants
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/sprocket-giants-pearl
Sprocket - Giants Pearl
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/sprocket-swap-force
Sprocket - Swap Force
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/sprocket-swap-force-metallic
Sprocket - Swap Force Metallic
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/spry-trap-team
Spry - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/spry-trap-team-mini
Spry - Trap Team Mini
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/spy-rise-swap-force
Spy Rise - Swap Force
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/spyro
Spyro  
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/spyro-dark
Spyro - Dark 
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/spyro-e3-2011
Spyro - E3 2011
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/spyro-e3-2012-chrome
Spyro - E3 2012 Chrome
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/spyro-eon's-elite
Spyro - Eon's Elite
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/spyro-giants-series-2
Spyro - Giants Series 2
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/spyro-legendary
Spyro - Legendary
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/spyro-swap-force-mega-ram
Spyro - Swap Force Mega Ram
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/spyro-swap-force-mega-ram-dark
Spyro - Swap Force Mega Ram Dark
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/star-strike-swap-force
Star Strike - Swap Force
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/star-strike-swap-force-enchanted
Star Strike - Swap Force Enchanted
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/star-strike-swap-force-lightcore
Star Strike - Swap Force Lightcore
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/stealth-elf
Stealth Elf 
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/stealth-elf-clear
Stealth Elf - Clear
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/stealth-elf-eon's-elite
Stealth Elf - Eon's Elite
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/stealth-elf-giants-legendary
Stealth Elf - Giants Legendary
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/stealth-elf-giants-series-2
Stealth Elf - Giants Series 2
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/stealth-elf-superchargers-super-shot
Stealth Elf - SuperChargers Super Shot
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/stealth-elf-superchargers-super-shot-dark
Stealth Elf - SuperChargers Super Shot Dark
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/stealth-elf-swap-force-ninja
Stealth Elf - Swap Force Ninja
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/stealth-elf-swap-force-ninja-dark
Stealth Elf - Swap Force Ninja Dark
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/stealth-stinger-superchargers
Stealth Stinger - SuperChargers
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/stealth-stinger-superchargers-nitro
Stealth Stinger - SuperChargers Nitro
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/stink-bomb-swap-force
Stink Bomb - Swap Force
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/stink-bomb-swap-force-bronze-silver
Stink Bomb - Swap Force Bronze Silver
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/stormblade-superchargers
Stormblade - SuperChargers
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/stump-smash
Stump Smash 
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/stump-smash-flocked
Stump Smash - Flocked
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/stump-smash-giants-series-2
Stump Smash - Giants Series 2
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/stump-smash-giants-white-flocked-series-2
Stump Smash - Giants White Flocked Series 2
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/sun-runner-superchargers-legendary
Sun Runner - SuperChargers Legendary
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/sunburn
Sunburn 
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/swarm-giants
Swarm - Giants 
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/terrabite-sidekicks
Terrabite - Sidekicks
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/terrabite-trap-team
Terrabite - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/terrafin
Terrafin 
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/terrafin-eon's-elite
Terrafin - Eon's Elite
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/terrafin-giants-series-2
Terrafin - Giants Series 2
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/terrafin-superchargers-shark-shooter
Terrafin - SuperChargers Shark Shooter
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/terrafin-swap-force-knockout
Terrafin - Swap Force Knockout
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/thorn-horn-camo-swap-force
Thorn Horn Camo - Swap Force
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/thump-truck-superchargers
Thump Truck - SuperChargers
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/thumpback-giants
Thumpback - Giants
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/thumpin'-whumpa-islands-adventure-pack-imaginators
Thumpin' Whumpa Islands Adventure Pack - Imaginators      
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/thumpling-sidekicks
Thumpling - Sidekicks
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/thumpling-trap-team
Thumpling - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/thunderbolt-trap-team-master
Thunderbolt - Trap Team Master
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/time-twister
Time Twister 
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/torch-trap-team
Torch - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/tower-of-time
Tower of Time 
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/trail-blazer-trap-team
Trail Blazer - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/trap-shadow-swap-force
Trap Shadow - Swap Force
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/trap-shadow-swap-force-bronze-silver
Trap Shadow - Swap Force Bronze Silver
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/tread-head-trap-team
Tread Head - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/tree-rex-giants
Tree Rex - Giants
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/tree-rex-giants-gnarly
Tree Rex - Giants Gnarly
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/trigger-happy
Trigger Happy 
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/trigger-happy-e3-2011
Trigger Happy - E3 2011
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/trigger-happy-eon's-elite
Trigger Happy - Eon's Elite
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/trigger-happy-giants-series-2
Trigger Happy - Giants Series 2
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/trigger-happy-legendary
Trigger Happy - Legendary
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/trigger-happy-swap-force-big-bang
Trigger Happy - Swap Force Big Bang
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/trigger-happy-swap-force-flocked
Trigger Happy - Swap Force Flocked
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/trigger-happy-swap-force-spring-time
Trigger Happy - Swap Force Spring Time
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/trigger-snappy-sidekicks
Trigger Snappy - Sidekicks
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/trigger-snappy-trap-team
Trigger Snappy - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/tuff-luck-trap-team
Tuff Luck - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/tuff-luck-trap-team-clear
Tuff Luck - Trap Team Clear
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/voodood
Voodood 
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/wallop-trap-team
Wallop - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/warnado
Warnado 
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/warnado-glow-in-the-dark
Warnado - Glow in the Dark
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/warnado-swap-force-lightcore
Warnado - Swap Force Lightcore
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/wash-buckler-swap-force
Wash Buckler - Swap Force
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/wash-buckler-swap-force-color-shift
Wash Buckler - Swap Force Color Shift
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/wash-buckler-swap-force-dark
Wash Buckler - Swap Force Dark
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/weeruptor-superchargers-eggsellent
Weeruptor - SuperChargers Eggsellent
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/weeruptor-trap-team
Weeruptor - Trap Team
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/wham-shell
Wham-Shell 
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/wham-shell-clear
Wham-Shell - Clear
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/wham-shell-swap-force-lightcore
Wham-Shell - Swap Force Lightcore
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/whirlwind
Whirlwind 
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/whirlwind-eon's-elite
Whirlwind - Eon's Elite
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/whirlwind-giants-polar-series-2
Whirlwind - Giants Polar Series 2
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/whirlwind-giants-series-2
Whirlwind - Giants Series 2
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/whirlwind-giants-series-2-stone
Whirlwind - Giants Series 2 Stone
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/whirlwind-swap-force-horn-blast
Whirlwind - Swap Force Horn Blast
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/whisper-elf-sidekicks
Whisper Elf - Sidekicks
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/wildfire-trap-team-dark
Wildfire - Trap Team Dark
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/wildfire-trap-team-master
Wildfire - Trap Team Master
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/wind-up-swap-force
Wind Up - Swap Force
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/wrecking-ball
Wrecking Ball 
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/wrecking-ball-giants-purple-metallic
Wrecking Ball - Giants Purple Metallic
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/wrecking-ball-giants-series-2
Wrecking Ball - Giants Series 2
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/wrecking-ball-glow-in-the-dark
Wrecking Ball - Glow in the Dark
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/zap
Zap  
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/zap-giants-series-2
Zap - Giants Series 2
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/zap-glow-in-the-dark
Zap - Glow in the Dark
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/zoo-lou-swap-force
Zoo Lou - Swap Force
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/zoo-lou-swap-force-legendary
\ul\cf6 Zoo Lou - Swap Force Legendary
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/zook
Zook  
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/zook-giants-series-2
Zook - Giants Series 2
https://www.pricecharting.com/game/skylanders/zook-giants-stone-series-2
Zook - Giants Stone Series 2
